add links (#5)
ClickHouse/examples: docker-compose-recipes/recipes/cluster_2S_1R/README.md

2 ClickHouse instances leveraging 3 dedicated ClickHouse Keepers

2 Shards with no replication configured

> This Docker compose file deploys a configuration very similar to [this
> example in the documentation](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/architecture/horizontal-scaling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Docker compose file deploys a configuration similar to [this
example in the documentation](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/architecture/horizontal-scaling) with the main difference being that 3 independent ClickHouse keeper instances are used in this recipe (instead of just one as in the docs).
```
